Come on! Of course Mitsuki has
a will!
If you wanna know the truth,
I don't think you even know what
you're talking about, Old Man!
There's just no way I'd
ever cooperate with a plan like
yours.
I've explained to you
what I wish to do.
If I still haven't managed to
convince you,...
if you still oppose my heartfelt
vow...
...then it can't be helped.
I suppose we'll just have
to go back to being enemies.
(FRUSTRATED)
It appears that someone has come
for us.
(EAGER CHUCKLE)
Is he a Fabrication?
Lord Ohnoki, our plan's at a
standstill.
Please, return right away.
Am I allowed to take this one
into custody?
Yes, do... We can't afford to
let the Hidden Leaf Village...
get wind of all this.
(CHUCKLE)
(DETERMINED)
Earth Style: Mud Wall!
(LEAPING)
(THROWING)
Kakou! Make sure that you do
him no harm!
Yes, sir.
(CONFLICTED)
(ATTACKING)
(SWINGING WEAPON)
You irritating pest!
Still, I wasn't expecting you to
attack first.
Is this what they call the basic
survival instinct in humans?
(GRUNT)
No matter what... I can't lose
here!
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
(DANCING AROUND)
If you don't have anything to do
now...
then why don't you go and
look for Boruto and Shikadai?
(CONSIDERING) Chubs.
(ANGRY GASP)
(WORRIED) Chubs?
Although if those two still
haven't returned...
after all this time...
So what now?
[ALL] (CONSIDERING) Hm.
Hm.
Maybe the two of them managed
to escape into the village...
Hey, that's--!
(STRUGGLING TO WALK)
Akatsuchi?!
(GASP) (STRUGGLING)
(WORRIED) Oh!
Oh, no way! Did he just die?
No, I'm okay... I'm not dead
just yet.
But you guys... Are all of you
alright?
Well, actually, Boruto and
Shikadai are missing...
Oh, boy... That's really not
good...
(WORRIED)
(LEAPING)
(THROWING WEAPON)
(SWINGING WEAPON)
Damn it! What a pain!
(WORRIED)
Particle Style:
Atomic Dismantling Jutsu!
He knows Particle Style?!
(LANDING)
(ATTACKING YELL)
(SHOCKED)
(FRUSTRATED) You sure are
a nimble one.
[BORUTO] I can't approach him
carelessly.
Oh? Tell me...
is your heart pounding in your
chest right now?!
(CONFUSED)
It is, isn't it? Let me get a
taste of that feeling!
What are you even talking about?
Just give me a taste of it!
The old man's not here anymore!
So, c'mon! What do you say?
(FRUSTRATED)
(THROWING)
(SHOCKED)
(GASP) What was that?
C'mon, Cho-Cho! We're heading
over there right now!
Roger!
Inojin, you take Akatsuchi to
the cave!
You got it!
You guys be careful, okay?
They're fighting....
seriously?!
Did I get him with that?
(DODGING)
(DETERMINED) Shadow Clone
Jutsu!
(ATTACKING YELL)
(LANDING)
(ATTACKING)
(lLOCKING BLADES)
This is so much fun!
Fighting really is a lot of fun!
(DELIGHTED CHUCKLE)
(STUNNED)
It feels kinda tight and itchy
in my chest...
So is this what it's like when
your heart is pounding?
Quit saying stuff that makes no
sense.
(SHOCKED)
(ATTACKING)
(STRUGGLING)
Yes!
(FRUSTRATED)
What?! That was just a clone?!
[KAKOU] Is it over already?
(SHOCKED)
(DETERMINED) Cha! Damn
it!
(PUNCHED)
Sarada?!
You're okay! Thank goodness!
We've all been seriously worried
about you, ya know!
And Cho-Cho?!
(ANNOYED) Reinforcements,
huh?
That's more like it! It woulda
been so boring...
...if this ended so soon!
(DETERMINED)
That Leaf shinobi must be hiding
somewhere.
Find and capture him now!
All right...
(EAGER TO ATTACK)
(DETERMINED GRUNT)
(SEIZED BY JUTSU)
(RELIEVED SIGH)
(CONSIDERING GRUNT)
(PHONE RINGING)
Oh, that's right! I forgot.
Naruto was summoned to go
see the elders...
Hello. Office of the Hokage-
[SHIKADAI] Dad?!
Shikadai, is that you?!
Hold on. where are you now?!
[SHIKADAI] Dad, don't say
anything! Just listen.
(GROAN)
(CURIOUS)
(MUMBLING)
What?! He's where?!
Come with me!
(ACKNOWLEDGING GROAN)
Yeah. The whole village has been
taken over!
[SHIKAMARU] Okay, I understand
the situation.
Now listen, just lay low.
If you get captured again...
there's no guarantee they'll
keep you alive.
Yeah, I know. But, Dad, I can't!
I've analyzed the situation...
and there's not a moment
to waste.
So, I... I've gotta do what I
can!
Just wait, Shikadai!
"The knight that jumps far falls
prey to a pawn," that it?
(TAKEN BACK)
Dad,... I'm sorry
that I'm acting so selfishly.
(TAKEN BACK)
But, after all... I did come
here of my own free will.
[SHIKADAI] I'm in enemy
territory, but...
...I don't intend to make a move
where I'll fall prey to a pawn.
(EAGER GROAN)
Hey! Shikadai! Hey!
[SHIKAMARU] Shikadai, what's
happening there?!
Are you okay? Hey, talk to me!
[SHIKAMARU] Shikadai?! Hey, you
there?!
(ANGRY)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
Very nice! I'm really starting
to have fun here!
(DETERMINED)
(GRABBING)
(FRUSTRATED)
(ATTACKING)
Damn you!
(THROWN)
(SHOCKED)
(GRUNT)
That's it! Cha!
(SHOCKED)
(STRUGGLING)
(ATTACKING YELL)
(SHOCKED)
(STRUGGLING)
(THROWING)
(FRUSTRATED SHOVING)
[SARADA] This is no good. We
can't even get close.
Yeah... But just now,
he had a chance, but he didn't
attack with Particle Style...
That's the only reason we're
okay!
But why would he ever do
that...?
(CHASING BUTTERFLIES)
[KIRARA] What's he doing here?
You must be defective
if you don't recognize me.
(KICKED)
(STRUGGLING)
[INOJIN] Stop!
Start talkin'. Are you with
those other guys?
So this is where you've been
hiding out, is it?
(STRUGGLING)
(WORRIED)
(LAUGHTER) You're actually
trying to protect him?
He was on your side to begin
with.
At least I'm not turning
my back on him!
Not like all of you guys!
Very cute.
But they're completely useless
in a real battle.
(GASP)
(FRUSTRATED)
See? My drawings aren't just
"cute."
I'm sorry to say, but I'm gonna
have to seal you away right now.
You know, the pictures that
you draw are pretty nice.
Make sure you draw a pretty one
of me, too!
Ya, I think I'll pass.
I only draw things that I
actually want to draw.
(CHUCKLE)
FIRE
Why would Old Man Ohnoki do
this?
Also...
I'm worried about Mitsuki's role
in this whole thing.
(DECISIVE) This situation calls
for quick action.
Granny Tsunade, Kakashi
Sensei...
we'll need your help.
Shikamaru.
We'd like you former Hokage...
to explain things to each
village...
...and get their approval for
the Leaf to intervene
in the Stone's affairs.
All right, sure. Just leave it
to us.
Although... the real problem's
the Feudal Lords...
That part is my job. I'll meet
personally with them...
and I'll convince them to
authorize us...
...to cross their borders.
Judging from past experience...
getting permission such as that
could take quite a while.
Even if you saw them right
away...
the official procedures and
what-not...
would still take several days.
Leaving Boruto and the others...
It'll be fine.
Huh?!
No matter what it's gonna
take...
I'll make sure Lord Seventh gets
to the Stone quickly.
I gotta say, it was the same
when I was Hokage...
you're very reliable!
(SLAMMING FIST)
(SHOVING)
(DETERMINED)
Particle Style: Atomic
Dismantling Jutsu!
(KNOCKED)
(THROWING)
(SWINGING WEAPON)
I knew it!
(THROWN)
(SWINGING WEAPON)
(LEAPING)
(FIGHTING)
Hey! Close-range combat is
out!
(FIGHTING)
Fire Style: Great Fireball
Jutsu!
After he releases a Particle
Style attack...
he can't use ninjutsu for a
little while.
I'd say it's for just about
twenty seconds.
Wow! Nice one, Sarada!
(PROUD CHUCKLE)
(GASP)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(DETERMINED)
You saw my weakness and took
advantage of it.
Your fighting style's so
interesting.
Fighting is... just so
incredibly interesting!
I think... he's weakening!
Yeah... Now's our chance.
Come on! Let's fight some more!
Give me another taste of the
sensation of living!
All right!
Let's use these twenty seconds
to finish this fight!
(DETERMINED)
Yeah, we've got this!
(STRAINING)
(REALIZING)
Quickly, dodge!
(SHOCKED)
(CHUCKLE) That
was a pretty close one, huh?
(GASP) ...how can he still use
that?
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(SHOCKED)
C'mon, c'mon! Attack me! Let me
have more fun!
(DODGING) There's no way to get
closer!
(CHUCKLE)
[KAKOU] C'mon, c'mon, c'mon!
(SHOCKED)
(FALLING)
Boruto!
Earth Style: Erupt!
(GASP)
(YELL)
And with this move... I win!
(STUNNED)
(CONFUSED)
(TAKEN BACK)
(STUNNED)
Boruto, are you okay?!
Uh, yeah... That was a close
call. But I think it's over.
(RELIEVED SIGH)
Oh, thank goodness!
I gotta thank you, guys. You
two being here was a huge help.
(CHUCKLE)
Well, come on...let's get to
the cave.
Old Man?
Kakou... Why? Why didn't you
listen to what I said?
You told me that Fabrications
don't have a will of their
own...
But to me, it sure seemed like
he had a will.
(DEFLATED)
Look, I'm sorry about this...
but I'm afraid you're gonna have
to come with us, Old Man.
[INOJIN] Guys! You okay?!
(ATTENTION IS CAUGHT)
(TAKEN BACK)
Inojin! So you came too, huh?!
Yeah! I was just so worried
about everybody!
But I'm glad to see that you're
all okay!
Yeah! Things got really bad
for a while, there.
Let's go back to the cave and-
(GASP)
Hey! What is going on with
you?!
No way! Is it genjutsu?!
[KIRARA] (PLEASED) Oh, very well
done.
(DETERMINED GROWLS)
Akatsuchi!
It's good to see you, Lord
Ohnoki.
Kirara...
Absolutely not beautiful at
all...
(FRUSTRATED)
You'll come with me without
making trouble, right?
Okay, Lord Ku is waiting in
the new village now.
(FRUSTRATED)
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[BORUTO] You guys were created
for the sake of peace!
[BORUTO] So why are you hurting
humans?!
[KOKUYOU] It's not our place to
think about such things.
[BORUTO] I'm certain that you
guys must have a will...
And a heart, too!
[KOKUYOU] We have no such thing
as a heart.
And that's why we Fabrications
are far superior to you humans.
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Clash: Kokuyou!"
[KOKUYOU] Give up and die
already!
I shall help you find
your final resting place!